Add Editor.js example (#637)
grammarly/grammarly-for-developers: examples/editor-sdk-editorjs/readme.md

# Grammarly Text Editor SDK & Editor.js Example

This demo shows how to add the [Grammarly Text Editor SDK](https://developer.grammarly.com/) to a [Editor.js](https://editorjs.io/) rich text editor. The example uses [addPlugin()](https://developer.grammarly.com/docs/api/editor-sdk/editorsdk#addplugin) to add Grammarly suggestions in an imperative way.

## Try the demo

You can try the demo in [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/grammarly/grammarly-for-developers/tree/main/examples/editor-sdk-editorjs?file=/public/index.html).

## How it works

> [index.html](./public/index.html) contains a `<div>`. JavaScript code toward the bottom of the file initializes the Editor.js text editor on that `<div>` and also adds Grammarly suggestions to that `<div>`. See [index.html](./public/index.html) for the full code example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[index.html](./public/index.html) contains a `<div>`. JavaScript code toward the bottom of the file initializes the Editor.js text editor on that `<div>` and also adds Grammarly suggestions to that `<div>`. Check out [index.html](./public/index.html) for the full code example.
```
